Add core team docker instructions (#3359)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/checklists/community_governance/core_team.mdx

2.  [ ] Check that large files cannot be reduced or subsetted.
3.  [ ] Select **Amazon S3-managed keys (SSE-S3)** and create the pipeline directory in the S3 bucket.

## Repository transfer to nf-core organisation

1. [ ] Request repository ownership transfer from the developer.
    1. If the repository is under an organisation account, ask the developer to add a core team member as a co-owner.
    2. If the repository is under a personal user account, ask the developer to transfer ownership directly to a core team member’s personal account.
2. [ ] Transfer the repository to the nf-core organisation.
    1. In the repository, go to **Settings**.
    2. Scroll to the bottom of the **General** page.
    3. Select **Transfer**, next to **Transfer ownership**.
    4. Confirm or update the repository name if needed.
3. [ ] Configure repository settings in the nf-core organisation.
    1. Ask Matthias for the repository ruleset JSON files (these are still under development, but pinned in the core channel).
    2. In the repository, go to **Settings**.

>     3. In the left sidebar, select Rules (under Code and automation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. In the left sidebar, select Rules (under **Code and automation**).
```

Reviewer: UI components in bold

2.  [ ] Check that large files cannot be reduced or subsetted.
3.  [ ] Select **Amazon S3-managed keys (SSE-S3)** and create the pipeline directory in the S3 bucket.

## Making custom docker containers for modules

Instructions for adding custom docker containers to the nf-core [https://quay.io](https://quay.io/organization/nf-core) organisation.

These instructions require the person building and pushing the container has push rights to the organisation.
**Only core members may have this access**, and new core members should request access from existing members.

> 1. Check with the module author that there is really no way to have a conda/bioconda/biocontainer route

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check with the module author to ensure there is no available solution via Conda, Bioconda, or BioContainers.
```

2. Ask the module author to:
    - Place a `Dockerfile` alongside the module (sub)directories
    - Add a `README.md` describing why the container is needed, and provide instructions for building the container
    - (Optional) add a `.gitgnore` file to ensure build artefacts are not pushed with the `Dockerfile` and `README.md`

> 3. Core team member ensures they have correctly authenticated their docker for pushing to `quay.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Ensure Docker is correctly authenticated for pushing to `quay.io`.
```

    ```bash
    docker login --username <QUAY_USER_NAME> quay.io
    ```

> 4. Core team member builds container with instructions with appropriate tag, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Build the Docker image locally and tag it appropriately:
```

    ```bash
    docker build . -t quay.io/nf-core/<TOOL>:<VERSION>
    ```

> 5. Core team member pushes the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Push the built container image:
```

    ```bash
    docker push quay.io/nf-core/<TOOL>:8.0.0
    ```

> 6. Send instructions to dev to use the new container URL in the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Share the container reference with the module author so they can update the module:
```

    ```nextflow
    container "nf-core/antismash:8.0.0"
    ```

    :::note

>     This replaces the entire docker/singularity condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This replaces the entire Docker/Singularity condition in the module.
```

## Making custom docker containers for modules

Instructions for adding custom docker containers to the nf-core [https://quay.io](https://quay.io/organization/nf-core) organisation.

:::note
These instructions require the person building and pushing the container to have push rights to the organization.
**Only core members may have this access**, and new core members should request access from existing members.
:::

1. Check with the module author to ensure there is no available solution via Conda, Bioconda, or BioContainers.
2. Ask the module author to:
    - Place a `Dockerfile` alongside the module (sub)directories
    - Add a `README.md` describing why the container is needed, and provide instructions for building the container
    - (Optional) add a `.gitgnore` file to ensure build artefacts are not pushed with the `Dockerfile` and `README.md`
3. Ensure Docker is correctly authenticated for pushing to `quay.io`.

    ```bash
    docker login --username <QUAY_USER_NAME> quay.io
    ```

4. Build the Docker image locally and tag it appropriately:

    ```bash
    docker build . -t quay.io/nf-core/<TOOL>:<VERSION>
    ```

5. Push the built container image:

    ```bash

>     docker push quay.io/nf-core/<TOOL>:8.0.0

Author: ```suggestion
    docker push quay.io/nf-core/<TOOL>:<VERSION>
```

    ```

6. Share the container reference with the module author so they can update the module:

>     ```nextflow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```groovy
```

>     container "nf-core/antismash:8.0.0"

Author: ```suggestion
    container "nf-core/<TOOL>:<VERSION>"
```
